README.md, before:

Install NeoVim
Copy nvimrc to ~/.nvimrc
Copy nvim directory to ~/.nvim

Open Vim and run `:PlugInstall`


For getting the Yubikey working,

Copy the .gnupg directory from a computere where its working.
Then install these relevant debian things: https://github.com/drduh/YubiKey-Guide#debian-and-ubuntu


Other tools to install
======================
A big list of options: https://github.com/ibraheemdev/modern-Unix


bat
---

- `cat` replacement - https://github.com/sharkdp/bat

Releases Page - https://github.com/sharkdp/bat/releases
- Get the musl version which will be fully statically linked.

mcfly
-----

- `ctrl-r` replacement - https://github.com/cantino/mcfly

Instructions - https://github.com/cantino/mcfly#installing-using-our-install-script

Release Page - https://github.com/cantino/mcfly/releases
- Get the musl version which will be fully statically linked.

exa
---

- `ls` replacement - https://github.com/ogham/exa

Instructions - https://github.com/ogham/exa#installation

jq
--

- Commandline JSON Parser

`sudo apt install jq`


delta
-----

- Diffing Tools for git and other diffing.

Release Page - https://github.com/dandavison/delta/releases
- Get the musl version which will be fully statically linked.

Commit message:

feat: Handle work and personal signatures on the same machine.
Based on https://blog.hao.dev/how-to-use-different-git-emails-for-personal-and-work-repositories-on-the-same-machine

README.md, after:

Git
===
Install git
git clone git@github.com/feanil/dotfiles src/dotfiles
ln -sf src/dotfiles/gitconfig.core ~/.gitconfig

Update as necessary for work and personal paths.

VIM
===

Install NeoVim
Copy nvimrc to ~/.nvimrc
Copy nvim directory to ~/.nvim

Open Vim and run `:PlugInstall`


For getting the Yubikey working
===============================
Copy the .gnupg directory from a computere where its working.
Then install these relevant debian things: https://github.com/drduh/YubiKey-Guide#debian-and-ubuntu




Other tools to install
======================
A big list of options: https://github.com/ibraheemdev/modern-Unix


bat
---

- `cat` replacement - https://github.com/sharkdp/bat

Releases Page - https://github.com/sharkdp/bat/releases
- Get the musl version which will be fully statically linked.

mcfly
-----

- `ctrl-r` replacement - https://github.com/cantino/mcfly

Instructions - https://github.com/cantino/mcfly#installing-using-our-install-script

Release Page - https://github.com/cantino/mcfly/releases
- Get the musl version which will be fully statically linked.

exa
---

- `ls` replacement - https://github.com/ogham/exa

Instructions - https://github.com/ogham/exa#installation

jq
--

- Commandline JSON Parser

`sudo apt install jq`


delta
-----

- Diffing Tools for git and other diffing.

Release Page - https://github.com/dandavison/delta/releases
- Get the musl version which will be fully statically linked.
